docs: include full _copier_conf attributes list (#2127)
copier-org/copier: docs/creating.md

### `_copier_conf`

`_copier_conf` includes a slightly modified representation of the current Copier Worker
object:

-   It only contains JSON-serializable data.
-   You can serialize it with `{{ _copier_conf|to_json }}`.
-   ⚠️ It contains secret answers inside its `.data` key.
-   Modifying it doesn't alter the current rendering configuration.

> 

Reviewer: How about deleting this entire snippet, as referring to the `Worker` class and the relationship between the render context and the `Worker` class is an implementation detail?

| `context_lines`    | `PositiveInt`                                                 | Lines of context to consider when solving conflicts in updates.<br>See the [`context_lines`][] setting for related information.                                                                                                                            |
| `data`             | `dict[str, Any]`                                              | Answers to the questionnaire, defined in the template, provided via CLI (`-d,--data`) or API (`data`).<br>See the [`data`][] setting for related information.<br>⚠️ May contain secret answers.                                                            |
| `defaults`         | `bool`                                                        | When `True`, use default answers to questions.<br>See the [`defaults`][] setting for related information.                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `dst_path`         | `Path`                                                        | Destination path where to render the subproject.<br>⚠️ When [updating a project][updating-a-project], it may be a temporary directory, as Copier's update algorithm generates fresh copies using the old and new template versions in temporary locations. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `dst_path`         | `Path`                                                        | Destination path where to render the subproject.<br>⚠️ When [updating a project][updating-a-project], this may be a temporary directory, as Copier's update algorithm generates fresh copies using the old and new template versions in temporary locations. |
```

| `exclude`          | `Sequence[str]`                                               | Specified additional [file exclusion patterns][patterns-syntax].<br>See the [`exclude`][] setting for related information.                                                                                                                                 |
| `os`               | <code>Literal["Linux", "macos", "windows"] &vert; None</code> | The detected operating system, `None` if it could not be detected.                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `overwrite`        | `bool`                                                        | When `True`, overwrite files that already exist, without asking.<br>See the [`overwrite`][] setting for related information.                                                                                                                               |

> | `pretend`          | `bool`                                                        | When `True`, produce no real rendering.<br>See the [`pretend`][] setting for related information.                                                                                                                                                          |

Author: ```suggestion
| `pretend`          | `bool`                                                        | When `True`, perform no real rendering.<br>See the [`pretend`][] setting for related information.                                                                                                                                                          |
```
?

Reviewer: Sure, but we should synchronize the descriptions and the `Worker` class attributes in a separate PR – wherever it makes sense.

| `quiet`            | `bool`                     | When `True`, disable all output.<br>See the [`quiet`][] setting for related information.                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `sep`              | `str`                      | The operating system-specific directory separator.                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | `settings`         | `pydantic.BaseModel`       | Specified settings that control copier's behavior.<br>See the [`settings`][] page for related information.                                                                                                                                                 |

Author: @sisp Thoughts on the content for this one?

Reviewer: How about referring to the [`copier.settings.Settings`](https://github.com/copier-org/copier/blob/e2ce0d4f13f439c6d9467fc4bf0e0af5f6a60989/copier/settings.py#L21) model class via `[copier.settings.Settings][]` (thanks to mkdocstrings)?

```suggestion
| `settings`         | [copier.settings.Settings][] | Specified settings that control copier's behavior.<br>See the [`settings`][] page for related information.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

(The other rows will need re-formatting because of the wider column ...)

Reviewer: Is the problem with `[copier.settings.Settings][]` that it doesn't get rendered as inline code? If so, I imagine ``[`copier.settings.Settings`][]`` or ``[`copier.settings.Settings`][copier.settings.Settings]`` should work – not tested though, as I'm commenting from mobile right now.

Author: Yup, _perfect_! 👌 Which do you prefer `Settings` (A)  vs `copier.settings.Settings` (B) as the display value?

A ![SCR-20250607-qqea](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/47b5019d-5781-4fbf-94c7-584ddada9f2e)

B ![SCR-20250607-qqrn](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e5bb238c-72c5-4e5b-bf87-deed7ad9f5c4)

Reviewer: I think (B) is better because it's more explicit.

Author: Great, since (B) is what's currently in the PR. I'll mark this one resolved then 👍

> | `settings`         | `pydantic.BaseModel`         | Specified settings that control copier's behavior.<br>See the [`settings`][] page for related information.                                                                                                                                                 |

Author: ```suggestion
| `settings`         | `[Settings][copier.settings.Settings]`         | Specified settings that control copier's behavior.<br>See the [`settings`][] page for related information.                                                                                                                                                 |
```

> | `settings`         | `pydantic.BaseModel`       | Specified settings that control copier's behavior.<br>See the [`settings`][] page for related information.                                                                                                                                                 |

Author: ```suggestion
| `settings`         | `[Settings][copier.settings.Settings]`       | Specified settings that control copier's behavior.<br>See the [`settings`][] page for related information.                                                                                                                                                 |
```

| `src_path`         | `Path`                                                        | The absolute path to the (cloned/downloaded) template on disk.                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `unsafe`           | `bool`                                                        | When `True`, allow usage of unsafe templates.<br>See the [`unsafe`][] setting for related information.                                                                                                                                                     |
| `use_prereleases`  | `bool`                                                        | When `True`, `vcs_ref`/`vcs_ref_hash` may refer to a prerelease version of the template.<br>See the [`use_prereleases`][] setting for related information.                                                                                                 |

> | `user_defaults`    | `dict[str, Any]`                                              | Specified user defaults that may override a template's defaults during question prompts.                                                                                                                                                                   |

Author: Should we point to https://copier--2127.org.readthedocs.build/en/2127/settings/#user-defaults? What would that be, `See the [User defaults][settings.user-defaults] setting for related information.`

| `unsafe`           | `bool`                     | When `True`, allow usage of unsafe templates.<br>See the [`unsafe`][] setting for related information.                                                                                                                                                     |
| `use_prereleases`  | `bool`                     | When `True`, `vcs_ref`/`vcs_ref_hash` may refer to a prerelease version of the template.<br>See the [`use_prereleases`][] setting for related information.                                                                                                 |
| `user_defaults`    | `dict[str, Any]`           | Specified user defaults that may override a template's defaults during question prompts.                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | `vcs_ref`          | `str                       | None`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | The VCS tag/commit of the template, `None` if the template is not VCS-tracked.<br>See the [`vcs_ref`][] setting for related information. |

Author: @sisp we might have to disable `autoformat` for this PR (not sure if you can). Leaving the `\` in `str \| None` caused the `\` to actually _print_ in the assembled docs, however removing it causes `autoformat` to think that it's a column separator and add extra whitespace which then breaks the table layout 🤦‍♂️

Reviewer: Mhhh, not the first time that Prettier is causing some problems with Markdown formatting. How about using HTML and entity escaping in this particular case?

```suggestion
| `vcs_ref`          | <code>str &vert; None</code>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | The VCS tag/commit of the template, `None` if the template is not VCS-tracked.<br>See the [`vcs_ref`][] setting for related information. |
```

Not great, but perhaps better than disabling Prettier altogether for the table.
